let's be aware of the sticking of you
let us be aware of how one line and
thought trampolines of the other and
allow them to be very quick thinking
in the case of Sikkim India that's this
pause between characters you can
especially work when words are
antithesis from previous work
villains album you can tighten that cube
so that you don't have that same so you
are at the end of the line see what
happens then and really listen to each
other get this sword fight go against
mr. because it's sort of like
multitasking I'm looking at partner and
I'm talking and now the talking is
distracting me so just breathe
now you could tell she already hit that
maybe not
every character will be within because
we'll be pushing from their own
idiosyncrasies your own biases your own
rhythms go into that these characters
speak for those down there all
Shakespeare but Shakespeare writes his
characters do then the language will
prove you and you won't be limited by
the natural defaults of your rhythms
were stresses and forget
do you have work regarded careful the
characters in the language class